# DLL Symbols
This contains the extracted symbols for plugPiki.dll, a DLL file mistakenly left on the Pikmin 1 DVD.

## How were these obtained?
The symbols were obtained from an ILK file for plugPiki. An ILK file is an incremental linker file, generated by Visual Studio when passing an incremental flag during compilation. This flag is automatically passed in if the program is compiled as debug.

Because the DLL was compiled onto the DVD image (`C:/Development/DolphinPiki/dvdImage/plugins/plugPiki.dll`), the ILK file was compiled in the same place.

The symbols were first made aware of on December 29th 2024 by @break-core, when they were discovered by opening up the ILK file in Notepad. At the bottom of the file, all of the symbols for plugPiki.dll were sitting there.

## What can these be used for?
These symbols are incredibly useful for mapping the DLL. Because the DLL is compiled as debug (although, missing a matching PDB file), inlining is turned off and unused functions are not stripped. This makes the DLL a great source of truth for lots of things.

## How can I use these as a contributor?
Some uses for contributing include finding inlined function code and names, and also finding code that would normally be unused in the Gamecube version. As well as that, there are debug prints in the DLL that are stripped from the final game.

The symbols are not in order based on memory, so finding functions already not discovered will require some work. On the `pikmin` Ghidra server (accessible from requesting access at https://ghidra.decomp.dev), there's a copy of the DLL with some symbols already found. It will greatly assist you.